K: No idea, although I wouldn’t suggest you destroy everything in a fit of rage.
M: Nii-san~ That’s not nice. This could be important.
A: Like that matters to me.
N: Oh shut up. Stop being mean to your sister.
R: Eh...I don’t really know what’s going on right now...But I’m Ryuuri, ne!
L: You should’ve been paying attention! says Misaka as Misaka chastises the child in front of her.
R: I’m not a child! I’m a higher level than you!
L: Your power doesn’t even have any destructive power like Misaka’s! says Misaka as Misaka puffs out her chest with pride.
N: Bruh. You don’t have a chest.
K: *smacks Nanami* SHUT UP! You’re annoying!
L: Wah! says Misaka as Misaka runs away in fear!
M: *Kicks Kira in the knee* Don’t be mean to Nanami!
K: Do you want me to hurt you?
A: You’re all childish.
M: I know~
R: Ne, onee-sama, why do you have such a scary face on?
K: WHY DO YOU THINK, I GOT KICKED IN THE KNEE!
R: Wah, scary…
M: Ha! Victory is mine!
A: It’s not like foolish things like that actually hurts you, stop yelling.
N: Bruh. We don’t have time for this nonsense.
A: I have don’t time to be here. Last Order, let’s go.
L: Misaka refuses! says Misaka as Misaka runs to the other side of the room and clings to the wall!
N: How do you know that there’s another side of the room to run to?
L: Misaka has a sixth sense for physical dimensions by using Misaka’s powers, says Misaka as Misaka heavily stretches the truth.
N: Bruh. What are you talking about. How did we even get here?
K: It’s not entirely fabricated. Using her electromagnetic abilities, she can bounce the waves off the surrounding area, similar to my ability with the air molecules. However, we’re clearly not in a room or in the physical universe, so Last Order is definitely lying. 
R: We’re not in the physical universe?
A: No. The only vectors I can feel are the electronic signals coming from the computer we’re currently trapped in. It’s obvious we’ve been transported to inside a machine. 
K: Oi! You in front of the computer screen, why have we been transported here?
A:...
K:...
M:...
N:...
R:...
L:...
K: Tch. No response.
N: Did you really expect one? I mean, come on bruh.
K: You just keep on testing me, don’t you?
A: Don’t bother attempting to attack her. Inside of a computer, there isn’t any Natural Energy for you to manipulate. I, on the other hand…
K: Waaaiiit. If you mess with the electronic signals, we might never get out of here.
M: I don’t understand why you guys can’t all get along.
N: It’s not my fault that they have such tempers.
M: *Wags finger at Accelerator and Kira* Temper. Temper.
K: *throws a streak of lightning at the ground by Nanami and Miyumi* Accelerator, you were wrong. There is something for me to manipulate here. 
C: Error Message #1: There has been a problem regarding the electronic signals within the system. Attempt to fix. Fail.
N: Bruh. Look what you did now.
A: *sighs* And you were the one that told me to restrain myself...Yet look what you did.
C: Error Message #2: Intruders detected within the system. Searching for most effective method of extermination. Search completed. Proceeding with extermination.
L: Misaka senses great danger! says Misaka as Misaka quickly hides!
R: I’ll join you! 
M: ….Nii-san~ Should we be concerned?
A: Probably. Get behind us and make sure Last Order and Ryuuri stay safe.
K: I wonder how much damage I can do to a computer...I don’t want to use electricity in case it makes things worse...Ehhh, this is hard.
M: Okay Nii-san!
N: *sighs* I guess I’ll end this then. *transfers everyone’s minds back to their bodies*
C: Error Message #3: Intruders successfully exterminated.